WIP DEV-516 Document V3 (#2052)
gruntwork-io/docs: _docs-sources/foundations/github-app/setup.md

# Setup

To install the Gruntwork.io GitHub App in your organization follow these steps.

> 1. Login to the Gruntwork Developer Portal and navigate to Account Settings.
> 
>    <!-- TODO: Add screenshot -->
> 
> 1. Click Install App.
> 
>    <!-- TODO: Add screenshot -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow instructions to start the App installation in the [Gruntwork Developer Portal's Account Settings](https://app.gruntwork.io/account?scroll_to=github-app).
```

Trying to keep this instructions minimal and useful even when the UI changes(which it might with support for multiple Orgs)
